# SUMO-Digital-submission
These are a couple of C++ projects I have made in my spare time, two are console applications and one is an unreal engine game. Monster Game is one I am currently working on and is nowhere near finished but I put it here as I will be updating it as time goes on. There will be executable files for Bulls and Cows Game and Tomb Escape game.

Bulls and Cows game is what I created while I was initially teaching myself the language from youtube tutorials. Its just a simple game where you have to guess the randomly generated isogram and every guess you make will tell you how many bulls (correct letters) you got and how many cows (wrong letters) you got, and then you have a certain amount of lives until you lose.

I then took this knowledge and made the Tomb Escape game with a quirk mechanic with an invisible key that casts a shadow when a key is pressed. I ended up getting quite carried away with the visuals but I am quite proud of my Grabber code. Unreal engine is something I would love to come back to and work on some more. If an executable is a burden to run (unreal engine 9 can be quite intensive) I will also be providing a video so that you can see a quick runthrough of the game. I definitely think I could do better than this however with a challenging position and some direction.

Monster Game is a little idea I had recently which is like a turn based monster collecting RPG (which I was initially going to develop through the command line and then transfer into a Qt UI) with a twist where there are elements for each monster but each monster can also be in one of three states at a time. Each state can do different moves and is strong against each other state kind of like a rock, paper, scissors dynamic.Additionally, you can switch between states but the attack you do that turn has limited effectiveness. This means that you have to take into account both the type match effectiveness and the state effectiveness. The big twist is that the more "revolutions" you do in a monster (a full cycle through all the states back to the one you started with) fills up the plasma gauge. Once the plasma gauge is full the monster can unleash a devastating attack. This adds a level of strategy where you are trying to build up your plasma gauge while also trying to prevent the enemy from building theirs.
